well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
president's final week in office
what he plans to do
it does appear that the information we
got last night that we talked about this
morning
is accurate he does intend on leaning
into some imaginary first amendment
battle
it is said that he has some executive
orders already prepared
to go after big tech ignore them
they don't matter they do not matter uh
regardless of what they say
they probably will have precisely zero
effect
with his remaining time in office aside
from that
he intends on engaging in a little
farewell tour
he will be going to alamo texas i would
like to point out
that the alamo is not in alamo texas
it's in san antonio
i doubt the trump administration knows
that to be completely honest
the symbolism is pretty apparent
the last stand and it's more fitting
than he would imagine because it was
mostly a bunch of racist old white guys
the only real difference is that at the
alamo
they were the illegal immigrants
the tour focus is going to be to
rehabilitate trump's legacy his image
in light of the coup
that's the conventional wisdom i
disagree
i disagree in order for that to be true
the president would have to have some
kind of self-awareness i don't believe
that he does
i don't think that's what we should
expect i don't think we should expect
him to come out and behave
in a presidential manner and attempt to
change his image at the last moment
i think that he's going to try to change
the story
he's going to try to create situations
in which his supporters
can still feel like the people that are
downtrodden
that they're the ones being attacked
despite all
video evidence to the contrary
i think that's what we can expect he
doesn't have twitter anymore that's how
he used to change the story he would say
something wild on twitter and the media
would follow it now he's going to have
to say in person
i would expect trump unchained i would
expect
him to say some wild stuff and try to
provoke outrage
do not give it to him if you do
that becomes the story that becomes
what's remembered
don't give him that victory right at the
end
it doesn't matter what he says ignore it
focus on the facts the capital fell
his behavior leading up to it whether or
not he should even be allowed to remain
in
office this last week or so
that's the story that's what we have to
focus on
at the end of the day do not remember
the alamo remember the capital
anyway it's just a thought guy have a
good day